# Quotex Affiliate Program Sign Up

The Quotex affiliate program allows individuals to earn up to 80%
commissions by referring new real money traders to the Quotex trading
platform.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/3_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

According to the Quotex Affiliate Center website, the broker currently
\*\*has over 218,000 affiliates that generate over \$5.38 million in
affiliate revenue per week\*\*, so Quotex affiliates play an important
role in how the broker managed to acquire over 29 million active traders
over the last few years.

## How Does the Quotex Affiliate Program Work?

Quotex pays its affiliates a certain commission ---up to 80% of the
broker\'s profit or 5% of the trading volume--- by promoting a unique
referral link, and attracting new traders to the platform. The more
first-time depositors (FTDs) you generate in a given month, the higher
your commission rate will be from next month on.

Quotex doesn't issue commissions on cost per acquisition (CPA) and cost
per lead (CPL) basis, which are common commissions models on other
online trading affiliate programs.

## Quotex Affiliate Program Facts And Figures

  Features                Description
  ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Payout Models           Revenue share, turnover share
  Commission Rate         Up to 80% for revenue share, up to 5% for turnover share
  Affiliate Levels        1-7, higher levels earn more commission
  Payout Terms            Requires 10 first-time deposits (FTDs) from recruited accounts
  Payout Frequency        Weekly
  Payout Methods          Debit/credit card, Bitcoin, altcoins, domestic banks, e-payment systems
  Promotional Materials   Banners, Landing Pages, Tracking Links
  Support                 Telegram bot, FAQs page, Help Desk
  Sub-affiliate Program   Yes, it pays up to 8%

## Quotex Affiliate Commission Structure

Quotex affiliate program has one of the highest payouts on revenue share
among binary option affiliate programs, which is one of the main reasons
why Quotex has so many affiliates.

You earn more money on higher affiliate levels, which is based on the
FTDs you generated from the previous month. Here are the commission
rates you can earn based on your affiliate level on both payout models:

  Affiliate Level   Required Monthly FTDs   Revenue Share   Turnover Share
  ----------------- ----------------------- --------------- ----------------
  1                 0                       Up to 50%       2%
  2                 15                      Up to 55%       2.5%
  3                 50                      Up to 60%       3%
  4                 100                     Up to 65%       3.5%
  5                 200                     Up to 70%       4%
  6                 400                     Up to 75%       4.5%
  7                 700                     Up to 80%       5%

## What are the Withdrawal Methods for Quotex Affiliates?

Quotex Affiliate Center supports several withdrawal methods, but most of
them are cryptocurrency-based or require an e-wallet registration. Below
is the full list of available withdrawal methods:

-   Visa
-   Mastercard
-   Bitcoin
-   USDT (TRC20/ERC20)
-   Ethereum
-   Perfect Money
-   PIX
-   GCash
-   Banks of Indonesia
-   Banks of Thailand
-   Banks of Malaysia
-   Other local banks

Quotex supports popular local banks in South-East Asian countries
mostly, but since the company is offshore, your payout transaction is
not guaranteed to be seamless, especially if you use a credit card. So
avoid using bank cards, online banking, or offline deposits and use
cryptocurrencies and e-wallets instead.

Payouts are issued every week, but you can only request your first
payout once you refer 10 FTDs to the platform.

## Does Quotex Pay its Affiliates?

Since Quotex affiliates bring a huge amount of new traders to the
platform, Quotex pays its affiliates more than \$5 million in total
every week.

However, we have to warn you that \[Quotex is an unregulated
broker\](https://eseta.org.za/quotex/), with many users complaining
about \[sudden account
suspensions\](https://eseta.org.za/quotex/blocked-account/) and
\[declined withdrawal
requests\](https://eseta.org.za/quotex/withdrawal/). This means that
there is no regulatory oversight over how the broker operates, and you
can't do anything if Quotex decides to suspend your affiliate account
and never pay your earned commissions.

For this reason, we don't recommend you sign up as a Quotex affiliate,
as we think that other similar options, like the \[Olymp Trade affiliate
program\](https://eseta.org.za/olymp-trade/affiliate-program/) or the
\[IQ Option affiliate
program\](https://eseta.org.za/iq-option/affiliate-program/), are much
more reliable.

## Affiliate Tools and Features

The Quotex Affiliate Center offers tools and features that help you
monitor your statistics, generate promo codes

